---
title: COLLAPSING WORLD
date: 111-12-21
author: RinCynar
categories: [ Literary,Essay ]
tags: [ alone ]
---

--Ты мой наркотик, я не могу остановиться.
<br>
The deserted wilderness was eerily quiet.
<br>
A gust of cold wind roared past, kicking up dust all over the sky.
<br>
It's all so vast, so desolate. The wider the world is, the sadder it is. Just like deep in my heart, it's deserted, so
lonely, so dull.
<br>
The leaves of the withered grass have long fallen off, leaving no trace, leaving only the dry branches rustling like a
cry.
<br>
On the horizon, the sun sets.
<br>
The remaining afterglow sprinkled on the ground, dyeing it a light orange-red, but it could not hide its darkness,
making this place look even more eerie.
<br>
I sat next to a tall tree trunk. The intertwined branches above my head blocked the sunlight, making it difficult for me
to see the surrounding environment clearly.
<br>
Behind me is endless desert.
<br>
An endless desert with no vegetation growing or any animal life.
<br>
On the cracked tree trunks, the circling birds have long since ceased to return, & only the intertwined dead branches
are left, emitting a dazzling, lifeless light under the blood-red light of the setting sun. The extremely dry branches
have been baptized for an unknown amount of time. With a slight touch, they turn into ashes & scatter in the air without
leaving any trace.
<br>
Under the afterglow of the sky, those dry tree trunks looked like hideous & ugly faces, seeming to devour me, which made
people shudder.
<br>
How can such a dry & desolate environment be related to the word desolation?
<br>
No, this isn't called desert, let alone desolation. This is simply Huangquan Road!
<br>
The grave on the ground was covered with thick dust.
<br>
I reached out to pick it up, but I always felt that the stone was very heavy. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't
pick it up without hurting my hands.
<br>
I lowered my head & looked at my own shadow cast in the cracks in the rocks. It was so thin, but it looked so thin &
miserable.
<br>
The ground has long been dry & cracked, & the cracks are covered with dust, just like my heart. But the obsession has
never been let go.
<br>
Pregnancy & sadness have become the main colors here, both emotionally & environmentally.
<br>
I am alone between heaven & earth, imprisoned by the heavy heaven & earth, destined to be unable to lift my head.
<br>
I breathed hard, still alive.
<br>
I may want to live, but I don't even know why I want to live. Maybe it's just to live, because only by living can there
be hope. Only when you are alive can you have the courage to face the unknown & despair, & only then can you find your
own dawn & light.
<br>
Pregnancy, tragedy, & a kind of melancholy that cannot be erased or washed away spreads between heaven & earth. Mixed
with hope & endless decadence. I was abandoned, abandoned in this boundless wilderness.
<br>
My eyes penetrate everything between heaven & earth, looking into the distance, but I can't see the end or hope.
<br>
My soul is like countless drifting dead trees, floating alone in the air, as if it will be annihilated at any time.
<br>
But I finally got up, unwilling to stay still & wait for death.
<br>
I want to find hope of survival, even if it's a little bit, even if it's a slim hope, I have to try once.
<br>
I slowly stood up, my legs were numb, & I almost fell, but I stood firm.
<br>
Walking forward step by step, my feet stepped on the fine gravel, making a crunching sound, like my fragile heart.
<br>
The pace gradually increased & turned into a run.
<br>
I ran without a destination, & my heart was blank. I ran without any ideas. Confused, running in the never-ending
direction. Run, run as hard as you can, before the sun sets & the gossamer light has not completely disappeared; run,
run without any scruples, if you fall, you will leave alone without any worries; run, Holding hope, embracing despair,
holding on to the past with one hand, unwilling to let go, holding the present with the other hand, unwilling to let it
pass.
<br>
The world is so narrow, but there are so many forks. Once you go astray, you don't know where to go & where to go?
<br>
Running, running from the unknown, and running into the unknown.
<br>
My vision became blurred and my consciousness became confused. But I kept insisting and kept running. My willpower is
constantly being sharpened, and I tell myself over and over again: Run, don't stop, keep running. Only by constantly
escaping and escaping can we gain freedom and hope. <br>
I kept running like this, the wind scratched my skin and penetrated into my heart like a sharp blade.
<br>
I don't know how far I ran. I just remember that I was so tired. The scene in front of me changed, my vision became
blurry, and tears flowed down the corners of my eyes. They were cold and brought a tearing pain.
<br>
I know that my tears will burn myself, but no matter whether it hurts or not, only in this way can I persist longer.
<br>
Though there would be hope and the light of life ahead, it was still pitch black, just nothingness, no place to see, and
no end.
<br>
I didn't know how long I had been running. I just felt so sore and weak all over. Severe pain came from all my limbs,
and I could hardly support my body.
<br>
and my reward is: abandoned cities, dilapidated buildings, and rusty statues, all showing the glory of the past and the
loneliness of today.
<br>
The pace slowed down, my lips trembled slightly, but I couldn't speak. The empty city is very big, but there is no place
for me. I don't know where I'm going.
<br>
My heart is remembering, my soul is remembering, and my body is remembering.
<br>
Just wandering around in a daze, looking for a place to stay. Unfortunately, the world is too vast. No matter how many
people there are or how vast the city is, it is just a drop in the ocean, as small as a grain of sand.
<br>
The world was filled with a lifeless atmosphere. I was like a walking zombie, walking extremely sluggishly and
aimlessly.
<br>
Then……..
<br>
There will be no more, probably. My heart also died, leaving only a body, an empty shell without any thinking, a body
that didn't know how to move forward.
<br>
In despair, I leaned in front of a church and looked at the bloody setting sun.
<br>
The color of the setting sun is very bright, reflected in my pupils, as red as blood, like blood, but also like a flame,
burning.
<br>
The church is very old and dilapidated. The walls are covered with moss and there are all kinds of strange insects,
making this originally solemn building look extremely dilapidated.
<br>
I sat quietly on the steps outside the church, staring blankly at the setting sun. I didn't cry or howl, I just watched.
<br>
Do I want to cry for this crumbling church?
<br>
I smiled. There was no warmth in my eyes, but there was endless sadness, like an abandoned child. <br>
The setting sun is like blood, and the light is like blood, spreading in my pupils.
<br>
As I watched, my eyes were sore and swollen. I clenched my hands, my nails digging deeply into my flesh, but I still
didn't know that my tears had already been shed.
<br>
The blood-red sunset is like a bloody lamp. It was a key that opened the door to my heart, but it refused to give me the
last window, leaving me torn to pieces in the wind and rain.
<br>
There were long blood marks on my palms, and my fingertips were stained red with blood, but I felt no pain.
<br>
Could this deserted city by my final destination?
<br>
No, I don't want it, I'm unwilling...
<br>
But so what, my voice was swallowed up by the wind and fell into the sea.  "I stand on the edge of a cliff, but
something always brings me back. All the sounds that ring in my head remind me of everything I once had."
<br>
Deep in my heart, there is a vague expectation and desire. My soul was led, step by step, to step into this church.
<br>
I looked at the giant oil painting on the church, with hope shining in my eyes.
<br>
I am still running, imagining whether there is a glimmer of hope behind this empty city.
<br>
My heart cooled down little by little, and disappointment, despair, fear... all came to my mind in an instant.
<br>
My soul was swaying in the wind, & it felt like it could disappear at any time. I wanted to catch it, but unfortunately,
I couldn't. The wind howled, blowing up the broken hair on my forehead, getting bigger and bigger, whistling past my
ears, stinging my cheeks.
<br>
My heart felt like it was being torn apart. Pain & despair were intertwined, making me almost collapse.
<br>
I wanted to scream, I wanted to shout loudly, but I found that my throat was blocked by something & I couldn't make any
sound at all.
<br>
Even crying has become a luxury.
<br>
My soul was trapped in a mist, struggling & trying, but to no avail.
<br>
Even if I wanted to cry or make a fuss, my soul was still trapped in that mist, & no matter what, I couldn't break free.
<br>
I have become accustomed to the hard work over the years, but when this moment really came, I realized that I was so
helpless, so helpless that I could only feel despair.
<br>
My soul was struggling uncontrollably. I wanted to leave, but I was trapped in the mist & could not move at all.
<br>
When the fog cleared & the truth came to light, hope was finally in vain.
<br>
& what am I expecting?
<br>
The edge of the city leads to...another wilderness.
<br>
The reality is very cruel.
<br>
Suffocating loneliness...
<br>
I stood outside the city & looked at the vast land in front of me. For a moment, I lost my direction in a trance.
<br>
Where should I go?
<br>
"BOOM!" A huge thunder was heard, deafening.
<br>
The violent aura spread wantonly, rolling up yellow sand & gravel all over the ground & rolling in the air. There were
dark clouds in the sky, lightning & thunder, & it felt like a downpour was coming, but after a while it became calm
again.
<br>
I can feel that I am like a trapped animal trapped in a cage at this moment. My eyes were staring straight ahead,
unfocused & lifeless.
<br>
My world was dark & I couldn't see the way forward. This world is filled with strange darkness, just like a trap waiting
for prey, waiting for them to jump in, waiting for them to die.
<br>
& I became that prey.
<br>
My consciousness kept wandering, & everything in front of me became distorted, like shadows shaking, like countless
ghost snakes spitting out scarlet letters. I wanted to scream, but I couldn't make a sound.
<br>
My body was being dragged forward, but no one was around me.
<br>
I wanted to break free from the restraints, but was pulled back by a stronger suction force, & fell to the ground again.
<br>
I heard bursts of screams, like countless innocent souls roaring, & I felt my body getting lighter & lighter...
<br>
Finally, I couldn't hold on any longer & fell to the ground, falling into darkness...
<br>
Tears fell from the corners of my eyes, dripping down my cheeks & splashing on the ground, making a small splash.
<br>
Immediately afterwards, there was the heartbreaking cry of the strong wind, screaming & wailing, as shrill as coming
from the Nine Nether Hell, which made people's hair stand on end. My consciousness gradually regained consciousness, but
my body felt so suppressed that I couldn't breathe.
<br>
It was as if my hands & feet were tied by iron chains, & I was curled up on the cold ground. My legs were kneeling on
the ground, my hands were behind my back, as if I was hanging high in the sky, & my body was twitching violently.
<br>
Finally, he fell down in the endless wasteland, buried in despair. Until this moment, there is still no glimmer of
hope. ... It's dark & cold...
<br>
I have fantasized countless times, but failed countless times. How I wish I could meet a companion, even if there is
only one, just one, as long as there is just one, a companion who can give me warmth when I am lonely, a companion who
can rely on me when I am helpless, a companion who can cuddle up with each other in the boundless wilderness, let the
night be our background... this is enough. But... there is none... .
<br>
My heart becomes numb in the cold.
<br>
I closed my eyes and didn't want to open them again, I just wanted to fall asleep like this.
<br>
Just keep sleeping like this, just like that...
<br>
Don't wake up again.
<br>
The deep night fell, and the starless sky was not as dark as expected.
<br>
There is only a lonely moon left in the sky, shining coldly on the world and my heart.
<br>
I raised my head and looked up at the crescent moon in the sky.
<br>
In the endless night, there were two bright stars shining. My eyes filled with tears and shone with them.
<br>
Why... is it because it's lonely here, or because... I miss him so much.
<br>
I looked up at the sky above my head, but all I could see were dim stars.
<br>
Everything is nothing, I would rather close my eyes and sink into the illusion.
<br>
Look at the stars and feel your own heartbeat.
<br>
"One, two, three..." In front of my eyes, the two stars were constantly approaching each other; then, they broke through
the barrier of millions of light years and came together.
<br>
At that moment, the wind stopped and billions of meteors roared towards the sky, forming a dazzling light in the sky,
blooming in the dark night, and for an instant, the sky is full of stars, illuminating the whole world.
<br>
I looked at this scene and smiled.
<br>
It was a beautiful picture, with such gorgeous light and dazzling stars, I will never forget it. <br>
"Will there be my stars in there?"
<br>
Using the last of my strength, I struggled and walked towards the direction of the falling meteor.
<br>
Before my eyes, everything was pitch black.
<br>
However, I didn't feel the slightest fear, but instead felt inexplicably excited. At this moment, I could feel that I
could touch a soft embrace. The corners of my mouth curled up slightly, showing a smile, and I reached out my hand,
wanting to touch it.
<br>
Right now there is a sparkling lake.
<br>
Another gust of wind blew, making people shiver.
<br>
Here, I can clearly smell the salty smell of water and grass. The water in the lake was so cold that my heart also
became cold.
<br>
Leaning against the boulder that has not yet turned into dust, facing the shining meteor shower. <br>
I see meteors passing by, blooming in mid-air with bright light. They are flying in the air, dazzling and dreamlike...
<br>
I don't know how many stars perished and how many meteors fell in that galactic feast that night. <br>
I only know that those stars were left by you for me...
<br>
My heart is trembling, not with fear, nor with surprise, nor with panic, but with happiness.
<br>
Since this person has passed away...
<br>
One last reluctant look at this world that is not prosperous. Then, it disappeared with the shooting star.
<br>
<br>
That day, in a desert, under the dark night sky, a young man achieved liberation. He had a dream in which he embraced
his star and escaped from his loneliness.