---
title: AS IT USED TO BE
author: RinCynar
date: 2022-12-11
categories: [ Literary,Essay ]
tags: [ sorrows ]
---

Lost in illusions and false appearances, I watch the dust rise and fall, again and again. Only the red earth covered
ground, scattered bits of wheat, and... perhaps a faint echo of laughter from years ago remain.
<br>
Maybe this place once held true beauty, but now it's just a faded memory.
<br>
I've traveled to many places, but I'm just a passerby lucky enough to have walked through fields once farmed by someone.
Still, I can't help but sigh: oh dear, who could have cultivated such exquisite beauty!
<br>
Maybe this place once held true beauty, but now it's just a faded memory.
<br>
I've traveled to many places, but I'm just a visitor fortunate enough to have passed through fields that someone once
cultivated. Still, I can't help but sigh: oh dear, who could have created such exquisite beauty!
<br>
Even if the person from the past is gone, even if the fields have become barren, the dazzling starlight has been
extinguished by mere rumors, hasn't it?
<br>
I believe, perhaps I can still...
<br>
<br>
In the hospital, he calmly admits he cares for them very much.
<br>
At the wedding celebration, quietly drinking among the many guests, he simply gives a deep bow, saying with a smile...
<br>
Standing unnoticed, yet filled with hope.
<br>
They meet again after a long time.
<br>
I've been waiting for you to make the first move.
<br>
He quietly bows to a few guests and says, "Thank you for your stories."
<br>
SPining for you, you seem so cold, causing me emotional distress.
<br>
He's not only a dirty creature living off blood, but also a monster surviving on self-affirmed love.
<br>
They have their own secretive pasts, their private matters they don't want anyone to know, hidden emotions.
<br>
You & I were separated for 4 decades before being able to meet again; we shouldn't dwell on those partings but be
grateful for our reunion.
<br>
Everything has cracks; that's where the light gets in.
<br>
That hundredth love letter, with just a few weighty words, his beloved never said throughout her life, because she had
already lived it.
<br>
The Vermilion Bird finally smiles, embracing the brightest star in the Western sky & the entire sky itself, even the
most dazzling constellation.
<br>
At least, sour or sweet in the end, it should end sweetly in his heart.
<br>
No matter who comes, they can't resist the embrace of the one who carries the entire spring!
<br>
Look, it's so dazzling, so captivating, it moves the heart.
<br>
Tomorrow, will it be chilled watermelon & a fan, or gazing at the stars while waiting for fireflies to rise from the
grass?
<br>
In this lonely universe, you & I are never alone.
<br>
Thank you for accompanying me, thank you for becoming my family, thank you for loving me.
<br>
Xuan Ce will live with his brother from now on, so his brother won't lose himself.
<br>
"From now on, we only have farewells, no more separations."
<br>
Admire them, fear them, thousands of lives are about to burn out to offer their light as beacons.
<br>
In this vast universe, we stand side by side on a solitary island.
<br>
Only Xuan Ce, he transcends data, seemingly losing the ability to turn everything into data with his brain.
<br>
Until the day the universe collapses, in the island-like hibernation chamber, the one closest to divinity awakens from
dreams.
<br>
Blazing holy fire, consume my body. Pity us, humanity, for we have too many worries!
<br>
In the apricot blossom shadows, playing the flute until dawn.
<br>
Only the pitiful elder brother who deeply loves his younger brother, lost in the abyss of unforgivable guilt for 7
years, while the younger brother forgets everything.
<br>
What worldly storms, just a paper umbrella covers them, allowing him to remain so pure & happy forever.
<br>
Because his feelings are so sincere, so sincere that even the naive Bai XuanCe, who is still ignorant in the realm of
love, unknowingly trusts him.
<br>
Demons lurk around us, please, light up the stars of humanity, we fear no darkness, as long as our hearts are still
beating—Apostles of the Abyss.
<br>
<br>
It's a pity, it's lamentable, it's even more tragic. Without continuing to love, without growing old together, just "
reminiscences as it used to be" will do. Passing each other by, that's the end for you & me. But I don't know if this is
the best ending.
<br>
<br>
Destiny • Reminiscences as it used to be.